Great work on learning
about security hardening!
Let's take a few minutes to
wrap up what you've learned.
You learned about
security hardening and
its importance to an
organization's infrastructure.
First, we discussed how
security hardening
strengthens systems and
networks to reduce the
likelihood of an attack.
Next, we covered the
importance of OS hardening,
including patch updates,
baseline configurations,
and hardware and
software disposal.
Then we explored network
hardening practices, such as
network log analysis and
firewall rule maintenance.
Finally, we examined cloud
network hardening and
the responsibilities of
both organizations and
cloud service providers
in maintaining security.
As a security analyst,
you'll be working with
operating systems,
on-premise networks,
and cloud networks.
You'll be using all the
knowledge that we learned in
this section in your career
as a security analyst.